gh-75171: Fix parsing invalid email address headers starting or ending with a dot (#15600)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-08-29-20-26-08.bpo-30988.b-_h5O.rst

> Fix parsing invalid email address headers starting or ending with a dot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix parsing of emails with invalid address headers having a leading or trailing dot. Patch by tsufeki.
```

> Fix parsing of emails with invalid address headers having a leading or trailing dot. Patch by tsufeki.

Reviewer 2: For what it's worth, the real name of the patch author is usually used in the news entry (though it's not mandatory).
